1. What are all integration factor for launching on premises application to hybrid Cloud?

Ans:

1. Create a tunnel to connect your on-premise environment to public cloud:
  In this step, we will use the secure gateway service from Bluemix to create a tunnel from on-premise environment to public cloud host.The Secure Gateway
product provides different protocol options like (TCP,UDP, HTTP, HTTPS, TLS/SSL) that can provide greater security and authentication options for applications 
using the secure gateway service. Solutions with production applications and data should be assessed based upon their risk profile to select the correct 
Secure Gateway access protocol and authentication scheme.    

 Subtasks to create tunnel to connect your on-premise environment to public cloud as below:
   a. Create a secure gateway service from Bluemix.

   b. Setup newly created gateway so that it can be accessed by secure gateway client .

   c. Setup secure gateway client by installing IBM Installer and run it on private cloud from where application and APIs needs to expose outside the 
   corporate firewall.
   
   d. After you open the secure gateway client with your Gateway ID and Security Token, you need to add access list entries for the on-premises endpoint. 
   
   e. Create the destination in bluemix's secure gateway page.
   
2. Build sample application to run on-premise and use On-Premise database

3. Run the application in application server and database on-premise using  Docker :

    a.  Build application server docker image.
	
	b.  Create application artifact and deploy into application server.
    
    c. Run the docker build and compose up command in the apps directory of the application deployed into application server as below.
        	Ex. 
			    To create Docker container :    docker build -t hybrid/<application_name> .
                 
				 To start Docker-compose services :  docker-compose up
				 
4. Expose newly developed application APIs via API Connect	


2. What are all integration factor(Point to point , through middle-ware) for launching on premises application to hybrid Cloud?
			 